add limitation to alarmgroups (#1266)
hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv: CHANGELOG.md

- Enable users to login with SSO via an OpenID Connect providers.
- Restricted Zones can be used to limit the number of vehicles that can be placed in a specific area. The restrictions can be applied per vehicle template.
- Vehicles on the map have an indicator that shows the number of occupied and total patient slots. This indicator is disabled by default and can be enabled for an exercise. Optionally, the indicator is drawn in the status color of the most urgent patient in the vehicle.

> - Alarmgroups can now be limited to a maximum number of activations. When the limit is reached, the alarmgroup cannot be sent anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alarm groups can now be limited to a maximum number of activations. When the limit is reached, the alarm group cannot be sent anymore.
```
